[Music]
hello everyone hello and welcome to the
latest episode of the padreon my name is
james i'm nick
and we just had quite a a time trying to
get these audio recorders to work yeah
so even just so you know the curse of
audio in this and the james nick
apartment is ongoing never leaves never
goes away never stops never stops it
lingers over us like a miasma it's you
and it's usually what [ __ ] up when we
do
videos too it's like i get to the
computer and i'm like oh something went
wrong with the audio luckily your new
camera lets you feed audio directly into
it
well my old camera did too but this one
lets you feed like professional
microphones
um yeah
but yeah so today's um
episode we're going to talk about
something that nick's been bothering me
to talk about for months it's your idea
in the first place like just kind of
bring it up every time you do a podcast
and like you want to do this one you're
like no let's do this one i'm like okay
now we're finally doing it and we're
finally doing it
um
but yeah so we're going to talk about
being niche
and is niche a good thing is a bad thing
what what is a niche what is a niche a
niche is a term used primarily in
biology uh to describe certain the way
that sort of neurobiology
continue to describe this i was being
dumb i didn't understand the dumbness
though
i guess i'm just that dumb um when
you're so dumb you don't understand dumb
right uh dumb and dumber um i think that
was the sequel to dumb and dumber it was
the sequel yes because there was a
prequel too
yeah and they were going to do a third
one called dumb and dumber or
but jim carrey was like no yeah at that
point he's like no
i have enough money
so a niche is a term used in biology to
describe
a specific role that an organism has
into a larger ecosystem that isn't
really filled necessarily by anything
else in that ecosystem
um sort of in the way like you'll have
this one
variant species of chipmunk that eats
this that is capable of eating this one
poisonous nut
um or poisonous seed or something and
nothing else can eat it but because of
that chipmunk they can redistribute the
sea
they can redistribute the seed
from their nut
and so because of that chipmunk this
this poisonous plant gets propagated and
only because of that chipmunk that
[ __ ] chipmunk man
yeah
he can carry a lot of nut in his mouth
at the same time um he's patient zero
but yeah but what we're referring to as
a nature niche can also be used in terms
of culture culture you know are we are
not scientists
uh in terms of just being able to
develop a product uh or
content that no one else really does and
kind of no one else really does very
well and it's kind of just
something that they've kind of squared
in this very quirky strange thing that
does well for this one creator because
no one else is really doing it like tim
burton
doing weird yes that was a niche yeah
um
[Music]
and then he decided he didn't want to do
that anymore and
well i think he continued to do sorry
i'm bumping things uh i think he
continued to do weird just
incorporating a lot of his niche his
niche was low budget weirdness that kind
of spoke to an element of human
alienation beetlejuice gen x kind of
stuff yeah
beetlejuice edward scissorhands
uh batman batman nightmare before
christmas that kind of signature stuff
he didn't direct nightmare before
christmas yeah he was a creator though
yeah uh so like that kind of style of
you know being separate from other
people and being comfortable with your
niche um and now he is the niche and he
just directs movies
now he's well now he's doing a netflix
show about wednesday adams
specifically about wednesday adams
that's interesting which i think is a
cartoon if i remember that's unfortunate
yeah i was really excited at the idea of
him doing a live-action adam's family
the thing about adam's family though is
like you know like came up with the uh
nothing against animation it's just the
adam's family seems like it's too easy
to do with animation like it seems like
it's just much more entertaining to see
all of these disparate characters be
represented physically and kind of like
watch the actors melt into these roles
whereas like you know the animated uh
adam family movie that came up with
charlotte's theron and uh
when they cat when they announced that
casting i was like yeah oh that is
amazing and then it's animated and like
why do you need to make it animated yeah
you have charlize theron and oscar isaac
yeah just make them gomez and mortician
yeah and so like you know and the the
way that was animated it's like yeah
it's very typical morticia push charli's
they're on in a black wig there um like
um
oscar isaac looks like uh gomez yeah um
just you know it would play up the fact
that gomez is supposed to be you know of
hispanic south american descent yeah and
then like you know
um but you know the way they animated it
as gomez gomez's round morticia is tall
and has a bit of an hourglass morticia
looks like she came from the oblongs
yeah and it's all very stock
you'll get that reference
it's just more fun to see this come to
life in live action whereas other movies
would do much better as cartoons or
animation or
cg what's what is it cgi what's the cgi
animation specifically according to the
oscars live action lol
um
yeah lion king
um so like [ __ ] disney
it always comes back to the mouse yeah
so some movies are better i i think it
kind of does because
disney destroyed
niche
because
they had a niche they had princesses
yeah and fairy tales that was the disney
niche
and then bob iger
uh when he became ceo really started to
expand the niche
and
it became
everything to everyone
everywhere else
[Laughter]
you know buying up star wars and marvel
and fox and and everything else and it
got rid of disney's niche now disney now
you've got people saying like disney
doesn't feel like disney anymore because
it kind of doesn't the problem the thing
about that is i liked when disney was a
relatively minor portion of the box
office
is like disney was a niche
the problem isn't that they were
diversifying is that they are buying a
bunch of stuff and they are forcing
everything else to be disney
they're forcing marvel to be disney
they're forcing star wars to be disney
like with the whole uh book of boba fett
spin shot like with that guy in the last
episode oh yeah
that doesn't kill people now it's
becoming very disney fied and america
chavez um you know
um kamala khan like it's it's being
kamala khan was kind of designed if
there is anything that's disney disney
viable it's kamala she was basically
created to be a disney channel character
yeah except for the fact that her super
they've got her power they're they're
making erogenous changes to her powers
erotic egregious egregious
changes to the underage girl's power
oh my goodness yeah agree just changes
to her powers and um specifically the
creator of kamala khan said that she
wanted from the start she didn't want
kamala's power set to be a sparkly
glittery glow um power kaboom boom yeah
she wanted it to be like kamala's power
set was um meant to represent like
coming of age like your body is growing
at weird and weird yeah in weird ways
yeah so you know like representing that
very pubescent growth spurt sort of
thing i was like i understand them not
wanting to do that because it's
basically mr fantastic yeah
and also um marvel the way that marvel
is handling um
moon night or mishandling moonlight
mental mental health and noon night
um
according to at least earlier reviews of
the show saying that maybe disney should
not be a thing something that covers
something like severe yeah that disney
is a company that probably yeah that
shouldn't cover shouldn't try to cover
you know anxiety and depression that's
that those are disney viable things but
yeah inside out yeah yeah
incredibly well what is identity
dissociation disorder is that it um it's
d.i.d d.i.d dissociative identity right
i flipped two of them but yeah that's
something that maybe disney should not
cover because that is a a mental
disorder that's associated with extreme
trauma yeah um disney did did the wrong
way yeah
and that's the kind of trauma that you
can't show on disney by the disney brand
unless disney would be willing to
diversify its brand and actually say
like we bought fox for a reason instead
of being like
we bought fox on an elon musk whim
basically um
so yeah like you know like disney and
that's where where i counter argue that
is disney isn't losing its niche disney
is forcing everything to be in the
disney niche which means it's not a
niche anymore
well yeah because when you're forcing
marvel to be in the disney niche and
you're forcing star wars to be in this
by all means there are marketing
properties that would be disney viable
and you're forcing um
fox properties to be in the disney niche
and you're forcing hulu properties to be
in the disneyland rocky holidays
you're forcing all of these things to be
in the disney niche
you that little that kind of makes it so
that
if anyone wants to compete with you
they need to out disney disney yeah and
like or give something else completely
which creates what we're talking about
really which is the smaller niches of
what people want dark superheroes um
weird um
weird multiverse stuff weird multiverse
stuff really heady science fiction yeah
and like you know we're kind of
speculating we've expected before like
there might be a growing demand for this
because everyone is trying to be disney
and disney is trying to out disney
disney do you see the new the uh new
pixar movie called elementals
no it's um
oh god uh look it up um at the
description it's basically
uh there it's it's
zootopia and avatar smashed together in
the most shameless way possible um it's
there's a city and people in the city
are divided between the four elements of
earth water wind and fire uh really
yes water wind and fire and the story is
about how um
two people have been there ellis where
are you from opposing elements end up
becoming friends and kind of work out
their city's differences and it's like
oh they're actually made of fire and
water yeah yeah it's still shameless
though oh it absolutely is um avatar the
last airbender is over 10 years old stop
trying to ape on it and make your own
stuff
the movie was inspired by the director's
childhood in new york was it really was
it really was luca inspired by the
director's childhood in in in italy
that's gonna be just their like cop out
from now on the director's childhood
story it's like
that way they don't have to
do anything but well yeah it's like you
know you can't they can't say it's like
basically [ __ ] is the entirety of
talking about disneyland i'm tired of
talking about disney doesn't exist
anymore they're a black hole in orlando
the mouse should be public domain by now
it literally should that rat should be
public domain it may very well be in a
year or two
yeah depending on the supreme court goes
no it's not the supreme court it's
congress that has to pass that law
interesting
yeah
um
and conservatives hate disney because
disney's not conservative enough and
progress democrats i know democrats in
general
would like disney to not have a monopoly
and so disney's got everyone against
them so mickey mouse might be up for
public domain porn very soon um
but uh oh my god the men.com video i
can't even
men.com doesn't wait for public domain
[Laughter]
they make horrible stuff
out of copywritten stuff all the time
but anyway
so this kind of grew out of us talking
one night about how what's our thing i
am very like i as a youtuber and like we
as a creative duo
are very niche yeah because it's like
well you're gay so you're obviously
niche well that's you're creating queer
content from the start that's already
like a section off there because like
there aren't a whole lot of straight
people making queer content
for youtube
yeah um
[Music]
but uh
and so it was kind of like
all right so
that's what happened like i started out
on youtube for instance let me tell my
story
um i started out on youtube for instance
making videos about
like
just movies and hollywood and what was
going on in hollywood and movie reviews
and stuff like that and it was very
run-of-the-mill escapist magazine um
[Music]
escape escapees.com
well i was trying to
ape things that i liked yeah like i was
trying to do the stuff that was on
escapist uh the escapist website like
movie bob and zero punctuation and stuff
like that i was turn and then later on
um after we met i was trying to do
almost like a grace randolph um collider
movie news style thing yeah we did that
on a cup for a couple of episodes um
no that wasn't a podcast we we shot
those we filmed those we stood in front
of the camera right i rem
getting a mental block oh my god it's
all flooding back in at the same time oh
my god i don't remember doing it i
remember watching it back in that tiny
little apartment oh god that was awful
and i had to read lines that was
terrible oh yeah
um because we were trying to be like
collider movie talk and stuff like that
and i was always trying to be something
else
and it wasn't really until
i kind of had the realization
well it wasn't really a realization but
i was like you know gays love horror
movies because all of my gay friends
were super i forget what movie it was i
think it might have been it that was
coming out the first one and they were
super super excited for it and it really
got you thinking well yeah i was like
guys love horror movies and then i was
like nobody talks about that yeah and so
i was like i'm gonna make a video about
that and turned into three videos which
is now
one video one long video on my channel
monsters in the closet
which was what two years after i
released it
jumped the the
channel into
significance um
and it was because
where were the other gays talking about
horror movies
and it really then i just started kind
of going with that like
at first it was just me i was writing
the scripts like i did the disney video
i did deep cuts uh i did the porn
documentary
the history of queerbaiting um
that's when i started to help out like
just kind of like you know offering sort
of like a paragraph or two to the thing
no that was um
[Music]
uh in the
the
the queer coding video yeah you helped
right that was the first one you helped
write and then i did the holocaust video
and then we did power couples and then
we've been working together since power
couples write the holocaust video but i
did off you helped me edit it oh yeah a
lot of it like edit the script uh the
original script as i recall it was in a
very different order than the final one
it was in a different order and it was
much longer yeah we restructured a lot
of it and especially because like when
you came when as you were writing it
you're writing it when you were at work
so you basically were just hammering it
out and so it was much longer because
you repeated entire sections yeah um as
things came up relevance and so we kind
of sat together and be like does this
work better earlier does it work at work
i was working from home the pandemic had
started like um so like and just in
terms of just being niche like you know
like you tried to compete
in terms of like the biology you tried
to compete with other
uh organisms that already had their food
chains as collider grace randall's um
the other ones you mentioned they have
their they have literal sources in
hollywood business video game business
um they know how to you know kind of get
the
get the scoop and i was trying to do
what they did
but just from
my point of view yeah um and you know
people
don't care what
random dude on the internet's point of
view is um no they don't care they do
care about points of view they don't
care about like just like this person is
saying the same thing that i can get on
another channel yeah yeah that's what i
mean like random guy yeah unique insight
is what they care about and so like the
uh finding the niche was less about
making a decision to be like i'm gonna
do what nobody else is doing it's just
like i want to do what i want to do well
it was like specifically
i love documentaries
i adore documentaries and there are not
enough documentaries about the film
industry
and there's not an entertainment the
entertainment industry as a whole
there are not enough documentaries about
gay history
and sort of looking at that being like i
can just do both at the same time and
like they're video essays but they're
kind of mini documentaries
um some of them are blatantly
documentaries yeah but like
and that became the niche that's where
and like killing stalking kind of
exploded it because it brought a lot of
attention but the people who
watch the channel
aren't watching it
because i make killing stocking content
they're watching it because they like
the content that i do make yeah um like
i said they they come for the unique
perspective they come for the ideas and
that and like because there are other
queer creators who do talk about media
and stuff like that on youtube i mean
like not to toot my horn or not but i
think i helped a lot for sort of
developing the niche that we have
because like you're very descriptive you
love kind of talking about things well
you're very analytical yeah and that's
where we really complement each other
because the way things usually go is
like if it's a synopsis except for the
video coming up if it's synopsis
james wrote it if it's analysis nick
wrote it yeah um because like you like
the you're a very details oriented
person you like you know the details you
know the insights and how to do a lot
more research whereas i'm much more of a
critical thinker yeah i sort of take you
watch something and then have thoughts
yeah i have thoughts i connect it to
different elements of culture i kind of
spot spostulate postulate but during the
upcoming video
videos
um
which i think what i'm going to do
since this is the patreon is actually
release it as one video wholesale for
patrons and then two videos for normal
youtube yeah
but anyway um
that video has a lot of synopsis sizing
because this whole affair
uh has a lot of synopsisizing but only
because
these are movies that a lot of people
may not have watched yeah and so there
needs to be a certain even
majority of it is really analyzing
it and you know i don't want to get into
detail on it because then what's the
point of watching the video but i went
into the synopsis for what i felt was
relevant for the camp topic
i didn't really
sorry i tried to stay away from details
as a whole but like you know i tried to
focus on those highlights yeah that's
what i mean you were doing analysis you
were
and so that's
what the channel then very and i think
it's a very niche
thing that the channel has become
that is
we do
two things
we take a piece of media that that is
either queer or has a queer reading
or can have a queer reading
um
and
we do the queer reading
and we associate it with something
important in society yeah some kind of
cultural significance yeah like with um
our flag means death it was you know the
sort of coming out of the closet the
hidden game coming out of closet late in
life specifically in life
um
and
not that's what the longer videos the
pocket gays are mostly like here's a
thing that i watched
i liked it or i didn't like it and
you know here's some thoughts on it in a
grander scope
um
which a lot of people
for instance the the fantastic beasts
video a lot of people have watched that
they're like i don't know why you get
off on doing this
uh political stuff in a movie review
like it's not a movie review [ __ ]
look at the other videos on the channel
it's not a movie review and identity is
not political so yeah
um
but uh that's kind of the very
strict niche
that we have kind of put ourselves into
and i say strict but it it
literally
everything has a queer reading yeah like
we've said kill bill has a queer reader
oh yeah yeah yeah like
saying that something has a queer
reading isn't necessarily saying that
something is queer hiddenly it's saying
like no
based on certain tenets of queer theory
you can look at this media through a
queer lens and analyze how it uh either
exemplifies heteronormativity or resists
it or the relationship it has with
heterosexual
uh relationship dynamics yeah um and i
think kill bill has a very interesting
queer reading because um
specifically the bride the two times two
of the three times she comes closest to
death is because of a ball and chain
yeah uh literally and figurative with
her actual with her marriage yeah
and i think that's really interesting
um
and you know like i've i've been talking
about and i am going to do an attack on
titan video at some point and when you
look at it very
when you look at the the show and the
manga from a very just sort of
bird's eye point of view there's really
no queer reading of
of attack on titan there's no like there
are a couple of characters who are red
as queer um who the author has indicated
they are queer yeah um there's hanji
there's levi there's historia
um
there's emir
uh
but they're not like obvious queer
characters it's not like their arc isn't
about being queer
um
but there's a lot in the world of attack
on titan that is rife for queer yeah
how like even just starting off
um
aaron starts off the series feeling
trapped he can't escape from this thing
in this mold that he has been put in
and then
um sort of breaking the gender dynamics
of you know oh the woman is the
housekeeper and the man is the the
breadwinner with the
right with the core yeah because you
know
men and women
have to fight yeah and it is you know
men who are weak and feminine and men
who are butch and women who are feminine
and women who are butch and they have to
work together and everything and there's
a lot there
and especially you know then the the
coming out moment that when the when
they get out of the walls and they
realize what's outside of the walls and
they see that
oh
people hate me for no reason
like yeah that's that's there
so like there's oh well there's there's
a reason but you know 2 000 years ago
get over it well also some people would
argue that there is a reason for hating
gay people so yeah contrary so like yeah
so there is a queer reading of it so
it's like no matter what the movie or
the show or whatever there's a queer
reading of it yeah and yeah and so like
and there's something about me mad about
the queer coding video you're saying no
not everything's queer and it's like
we're not saying it's queer we are
saying you can look at this clearly
and that that does bother me but anyway
to getting back and talking about like
about niche so like
um our niche coming up about seems
interesting because like when we
even though like we didn't really think
of it as a niche to begin with we're
like we're just making video essays
about things that appeal to us or things
that resonate with us or
things that piss me off yeah things that
are on our radar it's like we did it
from an angle that it seems to
not there weren't a whole lot of people
analyzing it specifically from that
angle even like other queer youtubers
who did queer queer video essays
um
it just seems that we did have this kind
of best of both worlds with you and i to
sort of um
well yeah because a lot of queer
youtubers you know they're they're a
one-person show
um you know they're not these they don't
have a team where there's you know two
or three writers and then there's the
person and then there's an editor and
like all of that stuff
um they don't have people shooting their
videos for them and stuff like that it's
them and a camera and an editing uh
program
um
and so you know we
we basically are that we don't have a
big team with six or seven people
but
we have two very different thought
processes when it comes to writing the
script and luckily when it comes to the
script we haven't really clashed that
much on like what needs to be in a video
or what doesn't need to be in a video no
like you're con your your your process
most of the time is like if it's there
we'll just it doesn't matter if it's
long like um yeah
it's like when we started working on the
camp video and you were getting really
nervous because it was getting long and
long and long
and spoiler alert the mommy dearest
section is particularly long yeah um
and then i read it so much to sink your
teeth into it
i actually then i read the script that
you would the parts of the script you
had written and i'm like no this is
great okay we don't need to cut anything
um
like i've you know i've gone through and
i've cut some stuff and added some stuff
throughout but like
i i don't care how long and especially
like when it comes to like you i think
you're a lot more nervous when it comes
to like you changing like words or
sentences than you are it's like when it
comes to you reading something or
something that
because we you and i i'm not okay you
and i speak very differently and i write
things i i if i wrote things to be
written to be spoken in your voice it
would take me way longer to write them
yeah so i write things from my voice so
that it's just easier and flows easier
and a lot of that actually comes when
we're shooting i will change things on
the fly yeah which you're then
furiously on the keyboard changing it
for the subtitles what happens though
what i've noticed this is this is a
pattern it doesn't need to be true i
noticed that when it comes to my writing
you stick to the script more but when
it's your sections you are a lot more
fast and loose with how to with how you
phrase things while you're in the mo of
the moment i never really realized that
but because i do kind of keep in track
keep track of what's mine and what's
yours yeah uh and that's just an
observation i have it's something that's
interesting um and i think it's because
your style of speaking is much more
fluid and conversational yeah so it
really depends on how the moment strikes
whereas my writing is a little bit more
structured in the sense that i'm
building to something yeah um but like
when yeah like
when it comes to editing process i
really don't mind you sort of switching
a sentence around
um so that it just reads better in your
voice yes like we speak very very
differently yeah
um
[Music]
and so yeah back to niche like
we've created this yeah
this niche that
shockingly to me is growing
much quicker
than i would have expected so like
because there's creators out there who
cover the same kind of stuff queer
content as us
and they've been around much longer
and the subscriber base isn't there
and you know it could be for any number
of reasons a lot of them are women
um
you know and then there's this you know
white guy talking and more people are
more likely to click subscribe because
it's another white guy on youtube like
honestly like
if i had to pay anything i think it's
because we are both very inappropriate
about how it looks
well i think that's the thing a lot of
people watch the videos as podcasts they
don't watch them they listen which is
fine can you lean forward there's a
piece of foam on the side of your head i
can get the phone okay okay it's gone
okay excellent um
but yeah like the
they listen to them as podcasts so they
don't see the the cinematography a very
asmr soothing voice so like you know
it's there you've got to your voice is
very bassy so it's very powerful but at
the same time you're very soft but
you're
i don't know if sauce spoken right word
but there is a s
calmness
no i don't think so but not soft what's
the wrong looking for uh sound off in
the comments
um
but like a lot of that's that's one
thing i've noticed is that like a lot of
people
like have commented that
when i
and i do this purposefully like break
in the script and i get flustered yeah
it cut catches them off guard and they
laugh because it's gone from you know
this 2020 dateline
examination of this thing
to a youtuber
like that yeah and then it's back to
2020 dateline
um i know they're different shows uh
there's this jesus that was my favorite
one you said that
we had it scripted i think that was
actually my line because i was
referencing the garfunkel notes song um
we can say swears right yes [ __ ] me in
the ass cause i love jesus um
i was referencing that song specifically
uh by the way if you're listening i'm a
huge fan um i loved your netflix series
um
it's about catholic girls having sex
yeah
i've heard the song i just didn't know
so like you said it you delivered it
that way and i
bust a gut and i think we had to redo
the take because i started laughing
because like my brain immediately went
reading that to like
like
church mom in atlanta i kind of think
yeah
um legs close geez and that's what i
mean like you know i'll write something
a certain way and you'll interpret
things a different way and it'll just be
like this weird chaotic yeah
but like when it comes to being niche
because we are super niche like i do not
expect
this youtube channel to ever no matter
how long we do it no matter how much
time we put into it to ever be like
pewdiepie hold up some people no not
pewdiepie but like i'm just talking
about like subscribers like yeah it's
we're never gonna get that diamond
plaque from youtube for 10 million
subscribers just hold up for a second
because like you thought we'd never get
to the level of patrons that we have
right now no but it's different it's
different i am not
unsure about i like i was very like well
i will never get a million subscribers i
am not unsure about that now because
well i'm a fifth of the way there
um and only really been doing this for a
year and a half yeah but like the 10
million mark that's for like lucky
brownlee and stuff like that
i wouldn't have ever expected that but i
mean like you know like uh comparing to
other video essayists
um like yeah like i don't think it's
impossible too
at one point like when we had our
discussions about niche it seemed like
okay we're gonna have a subscriber base
a patron base but there's gonna be a
glass ceiling because we are talking
about something that is a little bit
niche and especially like more recently
more and more
there's a lot of queer people getting a
little bit shattered so it's like do we
have a niche like in terms of just
catering to a very hungry fan base that
is limited or is this is our niche
something that was demanded that hasn't
been met
uh just i think it was like i said there
are plenty of queer youtubers who do
what we do um you know
it may they
the videos may not look as cinematic or
you know they might be shorter videos
like whatever it might be but there are
plenty of people who do what we do
um
i suppose that's kind of the question of
like that you're asking earlier is like
why is this taking off the way it is
i don't think i'm asking why i think i
think i know
why i'm asking why so we can do it so we
can do more of it like it's not like oh
my god how is this happening it's like
no like like if we knew why
things were going as well as they were
we'd be able to like kind of capitalize
on that and make it a bit better so that
never works i said capitalize i'm sorry
like i look at i look at like the
youtube analytics and i'm like okay this
video did really well so i'm gonna do
another video like this one then it gets
no views yeah um
so like the way i kind of look at it is
throw [ __ ] at the wall and see what
sticks well once again that kind of fits
into that niche territory that launched
in the closet end up filling and getting
you know you noticed like doing what you
want always ends up being more
successful and you know other youtubers
will be able to tell you that like jenna
maroney uh not jenna maroney jenna
marbles
um
jenna marbles because she had that
really awkward middle phase where she
just did nothing but she was trying to
do what other people wanted her yeah she
was doing nothing but viewer requests
and she was getting progressively more
and more depressed as she went into that
just v tuber sort of territory yeah
and like and then she just started doing
weird stuff again and that's why i'm
very hesitant
when
p and this
every day there's multiple comments of
oh my god have you watched x you need to
make a video about it
um and i'm very hesitant because i'm
like
i'll look it up and be like i'm not
interested
well yeah cause like and like at this
point like
with supernatural for instance i don't
want to make a supernatural video but i
promised it i mean like
so like i am not a fan of supernatural
in fact i
would rather it didn't happen like i'm
kind of in that kind of salty era i
i don't see the value i actually really
dislike the creators in terms of the
messaging they put out there i dislike
the their interpretations of like this
weird biblical
uh sort of theological battle patrons
out there patrons listening patrons
patrons um
if you
would like to see something other
than
a supernatural a special supernatural
video
please tell us
uh comment down below
message me on twitter message nick do
whatever and let us know because
uh i'll do anything else
the thing i'm just leading up to saying
is like inspiring don't say owl house
because that's coming because i'm
actually excited to do the owl house
video because i get to dunk on disney
again yeah um
i just said i was sick of time kirk
about disney
um but no like coming soon disney's a
dick when it comes to supernatural even
though i really really dislike it
there's a lot for me to talk about why i
dislike it uh there's so much of it
there is so much of it and i think that
it just misses so spectacularly on
everything that i'm trying to accomplish
in a way that people
really don't seem to understand how it
misses uh just in terms of the way i
think that can work like with riverdale
but that misses at every shot but it has
by missing it has become camp supreme
yeah but like like i was saying like
even though i don't like it and i don't
want to do a video on it it fits the
brand of the channel the content we will
make about a supernatural about
supernatural for a video will fit the
brand i don't even know what the video
will be about though um i have a vague
idea because i've watched it because i'm
already done the queerbaiting as for
instance it not only does it queerbaits
but everything in my clear baiting video
i specifically said i didn't do
supernatural but every every time
they have any somewhat competent female
strong female character on the show they
immediately kill her off
and like i say they accident because
they're so obs the show is so obsessed
with being incredibly hyper masculine
that they murder and sort of just remove
systemically remove every female lead
they could possibly have on there they
go for a full circle and it's gay again
it's like it's like krog in the comics
um the
uh marvel character krog
uh hello prague
pork corg my name is corco made out of
rocks
as you can see yeah korg korg okay not
krog uh cork in the marvel comics he
actually comes from a race of all
uh all men only men and it's certain in
the comics like it's not like taika or
td's voicing him it's it's very much
depicted at james is playing with a
little plastic container sorry it's very
much depicted as um
uh it's very much depicted as like all
this is hyper because it was in peak
planet hulk sort of territories like all
this is a hyper masculine race they're
all men and ah yeah they're made out of
rocks and it turns out like okay you
accidentally made an entirely gay
species yeah like oops oopsies and
that's kind of what happens with
supernatural is because there's because
they keep killing off female leads there
is no one to pair these men with but
each other yeah so that's how it
accidentally became so incredibly
horrible i think that probably happens a
lot that there it's like
where there's
maybe not killing off female leads but
kind of like the lack of yeah i've
actually heard that from shippers uh
people who do like write fine fiction
and stuff say like the reason we who's
he's supposed to kiss well yeah it's
like the reason we do that the reason we
ship these two men is because shipping
them with the women is boring because
these women are boring yes i am a
straight woman i'm heterosexual i love
my boyfriend
but i am not going to pair uh said anime
character with said female lead because
she's useless and has absolutely nothing
to do with anything um naruto is a prime
example um
sasuke is the oh what's what's sakura
i have no idea pink hair girl who the
fan base just completely rails as being
completely useless pink haired anime
girl that doesn't narrow it down
so [ __ ] specific
so yeah like that kind of process in
fanfiction uh
or in media is kind of a thing that
leads to fan fiction yeah um so yeah
supernatural i think does fit the brand
we can make a video about it if no one
has any other suggestions um any
suggestions
it's literally like as specifically from
patrons because like if you guys want
the supernatural video
i will make it
but if you guys want something else in
its place for that 2000 patron mark
like by all means leave your suggestions
yeah and that's and that's a problem
with a lot of uh content creators is
that when they are forced to create
content they don't actually want to make
content about it comes across in the
content yeah like lackluster
people it's it's boring i can't think of
engaging i don't think i've made a video
yet about something i didn't want to
make a video about yeah and that's why
trixie and katja the beginning of every
show say this is our show not yours yeah
like the only one that i can think of
that comes close
was um
[Music]
yuri on ice
and that was because i had no interest
in anime yeah in watching anime and but
then once i watched it i was like
oh yeah i can do i can do a video on
this i mean we've done videos that i
didn't want to make but i did it because
i'm paid so
you didn't want to do killing stalking
right yeah
that was rough that was before i was
like really invested in doing the videos
though but
yeah that was the first one that came in
and i was like okay nick i'm paying you
and i was like
oh god
because like i couldn't get through the
i couldn't get i got through the first
issue that was it i think you got
through the preview issue no i just i
read
i read the preview and i was like i'll
give the actual one a try because maybe
the pacing will kind of like help it out
a little bit i'm like nope it's um yeah
no no
um i think another one that i went into
it as kind of hesitant
to do was painter of the night
um
because i remember reading painter of
the night and being like yeah i'm not
gonna do a video about it yeah yeah i
remember that because like you kind of
wanted to do a video better like cause
could i do anything like i guess and
you're like what about the sadism of
class and i'm like
and then i read and i'm like no james
there's stuff in here and you're like i
don't really know anymore and i was like
no james there's something here and
you're like i don't know and then we
kind of attached it to parasite we were
like oh this is this like what happens
with our videos in our creative at our
like video making process processes
basically we like sort of have an idea
we watch a piece of media like what can
we do this with and then like someone
will like kind of like burst into
someone else's room sitcom style be like
i had this idea and then we'll just kind
of talk about the thing for like two
hours yeah um and in that process we
should start writing notes because we
say a bunch of really good [ __ ] about
the thing and then i sit down to write
and i'm like
what did we say again
well it's like i went in to write my
sections of the camp video today and i
was like wait nick what am i supposed to
write
[Laughter]
like this this and this i'm like oh oh
okay like um
for those of you who have like been
following us on like uh
the on the podcast last year and like
you know the live streams you know that
we had been planning a quote the anime
video
yeah um for a long time and so it was it
was just gonna be the anime video and
we're gonna talk about a bunch of
different anime stuff and every like
week or two would be kind of come back
to the drawing board and be like
what was this video supposed to be about
again well yeah it would always be like
what are we doing and then like i went
like a different like gay meeting or
like different like shipping or like
yeah it was going to be about shipping
and then like that was the final
decision was okay the anime video is
gonna be about shipping and then i
started talking to like anime fans and
they were like
don't don't try and do it all in one
video like unless this is gonna be like
a six or seven hour long video
and that's when it was like okay well
that's something like even like deep
into that it was it was just the anime
video we didn't really have it attached
to anything concrete and we struggled to
really think like how do we group up
these enemies that we're talking about
like what's the pattern and it's like it
just kind of sat on the board as like a
bunch of like you know venn diagrams
yeah
and then it just started to literally
break apart and i was like okay well i'm
gonna do banana fish as one because i
think there's you know the crime thing
works and then well i'm gonna do skate
as one and and it just started breaking
apart and now there's number six coming
and given and a bunch of and attack on
titan and there's a bunch of n
eventually there will also be um a video
looking at um
the lesbian one oh uh revolutionary girl
lieutenant yeah that sailor moon and
stuff like that the lesbian one
um i mean like the lesbians are defended
by calling it that because it really is
just a lesbian
which anime is that the lesbian one okay
i i got it
um
now i kind of want to do a video about
godzilla i don't know how the hell to do
one about godzilla but
um i mean like the thing about that is
that you don't like in terms of just
doing these stuff is that
we have a niche which means there's no
point in us doing stuff that's been done
to death
and godzilla has been analyzed to death
for better and for worse so
like
unless we can like sort of come up with
a queer angle for godzilla that's
literally never been thought of before
which i don't think we can
well yeah because godzilla is a piece of
art that was well at least a lot of them
are pieces of art made with specific and
clear intents about what the what this
piece of media is meant to be yeah and
so if we sort of say like no actually
there's a reading where the monster is a
queer allegory it's like no it's not
because that was absolutely not the
intention we are not death of the
authoring this [ __ ] yeah
but uh
niche
okay i tried to bring it back to that
because i'm talking about like niche
guys we don't want to do stuff that's
been overdone
cause like another one that i really
didn't want to do was hannibal really i
had no interest in doing a video on
hannibal until i watched the show oh
yeah i was super interested in doing
that because like i was a bit i was
closer to the shipping community of
hannibal and i'm like no apparently like
it's really gay yeah like i i had listen
my mom was a huge fan of hannibal before
you even watched it
like i i had watched a bunch of uh
listen to a bunch of podcasts with brian
fuller and stuff so i knew the gist of
hannibal and and the politics behind it
yeah i knew all of that before i even
watched the show
um and i knew that it ended on a
cliffhanger and and all of that stuff
that it got literally um that it got
cancelled in the middle and all this
stuff and then there was supposed to be
a fourth season specifically was really
leaning into the gay stuff and being
very public about like yeah it was
really hard not to do gay stuff and hugh
dansy said nothing
so like i knew all of that but like then
i watched the show and i was like oh
this is brilliant yeah yeah um
food porn
oh my god yes like i i i will admit to
our lovely patrons that i had erotic
dreams about animal teaching to cook
very strong erotic fantasies about
hannibal teaching it wasn't like it was
like erotic cooking it was just like you
know regular cooking because max
michaelson has a very beautiful voice
and it's just like cooking
just like you know just being in the
room being like i'm comfortable with
this
i don't care who he's serving me like
god
comfortable
[Laughter]
oh lord um
but yeah and that's something that i bet
the niche thing is something that i've
really been thinking of a lot lately
because what that's sticky
he was playing with a roll of gauze yeah
yeah okay it was the gauze that was
sticky not anything else um talking
about erotic cooking so yeah yeah i want
to clear the air
yeah
uh but i've been thinking about the
niche thing a lot lately because like
i'm very comfortable in my youtube niche
uh like i said like i think it's a a
niche that i'm comfortable with i think
it's a niche that works and i think it's
a niche that is ever expanding because
there's a queer reading of everything
yeah um well but i think i mean i've
ever explained i think you mean like
there's like not a shortage of content
for like
ever expanding i don't mean ever
explaining like do you think there is
going to be a glass ceiling where we're
just going to like sort of exhaust the
niche
i think at some point we might hit like
a subscriber ceiling but i don't think
we're going to run out of oh that's good
i'm not surprised about that whatsoever
because you know disney's going to keep
being disney so i mean
you you came at me quite a bit last year
saying like
asking like are you going to run out of
things to talk about
and i was like no everything's gay
uh i think that was back before we
really had the format of kind of
analyzing culture by proxy of media
which is opens up a lot more doors
because it lets us kind of talk at least
that we had
real life because it was
it was because this was back when it was
just like i'm going to talk about how
horror is gay no it was it was when we
did two disney videos in a month yeah
and you that's when you thought we were
that we were going to run out of things
to talk about
um
i think i was also just kind of burnt
out because i wrote my ass off for those
things so
but um
that was last june i believe um
but yeah a big thing that i've been fo
thinking about niche
lately because like i said i'm very
comfortable with the youtube niche um
is telos
because telos is has been developed as a
niche product being you know queer films
by queer people for queer people
um
and so it is like
the conception of it is niche and like
the challenge that i have given myself
and us for telos is that like making
very niched content about you know
literal gay vampires uh lesbian revenge
movie um like you know these things that
are you know they seem like it wouldn't
be accessible outside the queer
community and sort of making them
narratively anne rice laughs in her
grave at literal gay vampires not being
accessible outside the queer community
um
well this is very explicitly gay whereas
sometimes with anne she was a little bit
more soft sometimes sometimes yeah she
was the vampire armand was not subtle
yeah um but like i actually want to have
explicitness in the in the vampire we're
doing and the vampire vampire stuff um
and sort of separate like have gay
vampires but separate vampires from like
gayness yeah uh at the same time so like
you know like we're doing something that
is a little bit niche um and rice really
tricked you into not thinking these
things were gay until you really
couldn't really deny it anymore um
because it's like oh like victorian
vampires it wasn't victorian it was
probably more no victorian yeah yeah um
so it's like okay well lestat was
further back he was in the 1700s yeah
that was like post-french revolution
right uh pre-revolution okay so that
would be the mid-1700s
um there were like three consecutive
french revolutions and the third one
actually worked yeah um
but yeah so like tell us innately has a
niche yeah and it's like
but it's the same thing as like okay
what kind of movies do you make
it's like saying like
well wes craven was just a niche
filmmaker because he made horror movies
and it's like
yeah
and redefined that niche multiple times
and that's that's what i mean like i was
getting around to my point eventually uh
was um
uh that you know like the challenge
limit i've given myself is making them
narratively and visually enticing enough
that straight people will want to watch
them regardless yeah because for a long
time african-american cinema was
considered very niche but then movies
like the the jordan peel movies come out
and white people are lining up around
the block to see them and it's like
yeah it's only niche when you don't
think it could possibly apply to you
yeah when when you look at it and you're
like i have no interest in that and i
will never be interested in that then
it's niche and then niche is kind of
like a bad word yeah it's like oh that
little that little thing over there your
little your pet project so like i'll
know that we'll know that we've made it
if we ever get people asking us when
we're gonna make movies about straight
people
i'm already being asked that we haven't
even put a final girl yet oh my god
who's asking you that just like random
people in comments and stuff
sorry we're gonna have have to have
straight people in our movies yeah by
necessity
if we have to it's not a choice
well we gotta have antagonists somehow
exactly
um
the villains they we need straight
villains and there's another thing i
like i'm really excited to do with
taylor tillis
um is that i'm really excited to have
gay villains like queer villains i'm
really excited to kind of be able to
depict that yeah um just by having
antagonistic queer characters there's
multiple characters who are not the
villain
but are very gray yeah and or even
ambiguously antagonists
so i'm really excited to do that because
that's something that like mainstream
hollywood at large has been terrified to
do
oh yeah with the exception of a24
everything yeah everything everywhere
all at once queer antagonist i loved it
queer antagonist and gray antagonist
because jamie curtis's character ended
up actually being like i'm getting a
tear in my eye because i'm remembering a
chill person
um like the whole thing
but um
it's it's
but like thinking like okay
is it possible for telos to get to the
point
where it is self-sustaining enough
that it can be a production company
and not just
a dream because right now it's gone it's
gone past dream because there's you know
there are a lot of investors in this
thing
but to be like a real production company
there needs to be enough money there to
pay salaries yeah basically and not like
our salaries but to have like a
production manager all the time people
on staff like someone who can you know
like
work with scripts and stuff eventually
like a lawyer like a lawyer and like
you know be able to buy scripts from
other people and things like that yeah
and i'm like will telos get big enough
because it is gay and it's like
a part of me is like oh god i don't know
if it will because you know is would it
ever get big enough when people are not
about tyler perry
like well yeah but then like especially
like tyler perry starting out doing
independent theater and turning that
into independent movies and then turning
that into the empire the billion dollar
empire he has now
um
it's an empire people live there yeah
they lived literally he built up he
built he built a town yeah he built a
town
um
it's like old school hollywood where you
would actually like live in on the lot
yeah like yeah like hollywood was a
subdivision for the actors to live in
yeah uh and then it just became what we
call the movie industry basically yeah
um
even though the studios are spread out
the studios are in studio city they're
in burbank they're all over there
across they're across state lines like
yeah like some studios are in new york
some of them are in disney has offices
in florida like
they're everywhere but
um you know that thought of will telos
get big enough to be a thing other than
a hobby because like right now my hope
for telos right now is that it will make
enough money
that
the 80 000 that was raised
can basically continually cycle yeah
turn it over turn over in itself um
you know that's not profit that's
cycling to make a new movie
self-sustaining yeah well
self-sustaining production is
self-sustaining yeah yeah but actually
running it as a business isn't
self-sustaining um my hope is that
production can be self-sustaining so
that we can put out more movies and more
movies and then you never know which one
hits it big you don't know which one
will be my big fat greek wedding my big
fat gay wedding yeah um a big fat gay
wedding oh please say it ain't so
james you've tainted the world
you have put hey that was a good movie i
like that big fat k wedding yeah big fat
greek wedding no greek wedding yes but a
gay wedding big fat gay wedding i do not
want that no but i'm just saying i do
not want that big fat greek wedding was
a good movie no i yes yes but just i we
are going to get you have put it out
into the world the gods and the fates
have responded and now conspiring and
weaving the threat of fate and now we
are going to have my big fat gay wedding
and it is going to be the worst thing in
the world
anyway not necessarily
i know like what if it was robin
williams and nathan lane like cancer is
probably worse than my big fat gay
wedding um but anyway um
you know you never know what will be the
thing that hits and that's why i don't
want to be like
okay um i'm kidding someone proposed to
be pleased put everything into you know
the one box like okay final girl that's
the movie we're doing it's no there's a
lot and that's why like
uh we were talking with a friend of mine
who's uh working in and on uh final girl
with us
um
and uh her husband has been
has worked in the film industry in the
past and he kind of pointed out you know
80 000 doesn't go really far when you're
making a movie because you need permits
and you need licenses and et cetera et
cetera et cetera and then i talked to
some people i know who currently work in
the film industry in
new one in new york and one in hollywood
and they were like
oh no you run and gun that [ __ ] yeah you
pay your actors
and you buy them food and you run in
there you get your shot and you get out
well it's like how did robert rodriguez
make his first movie for 200 2 500
yeah like you know and it's like and i
kind of got a little upset at that abs
insistence necessarily at her but just
the idea that like we need to do this
above the board and it's like we need to
do it above the board as possible yeah
but like we did not raise 80 000
promising a slate of movies only to get
on one or two on a on a short film like
that is yeah because like the eighty
thousand dollars
really if we went completely like above
board like got the lawyers we need for
permits like all of that
you get a short film yeah even then some
budgets for short films are much much
higher there are short films that do
crack six figures yeah on budgets which
is insane and not even professional
special effects like apparently like
what you were saying about like the
permits is like not only
could that get incredibly incredibly
expensive but it takes a lot of time it
takes an incredible amount of time
because the government's especially with
a move because the way they work a lot
of times is that they say oh you want to
shoot on x piece of property we want to
read the script yeah and then they read
the script
and if the person reading the script
doesn't like gay people
you can't shoot there yeah and like i
forget who said it um it may have been
robert rodriguez actually um
when making a movie always uh never ask
for permission ask for forgiveness later
i think don't ask for permission ask for
forgiveness is like an old like italian
at a dodge
um
but like do you shop at target target
was that not a should that be a joke in
shit's creek like that target
oh thanks i got this at target
um
[Laughter]
but yeah so
i don't want to take you know that
indiegogo money and be like okay we're
gonna do everything the right way and
then it makes a short film that may or
may not well yeah this is what it is
this money is going to creators this
money is going to developing content
it's not going to pay the government
yeah that's what it's not doing actors
it's paying artists it's paying queer
people it is not going to go to line the
pockets of some especially small tier
bureaucrats in an office because the
government does so little to fund and
sort of subsidize arts and they just
especially around here yeah so it's like
i'm not anti-taxes
no i'm not anti-you know anti-government
am i'm not libertarian it's just like
when it comes to creating these things
they are expensive they require a lot of
talent when you are in the startup phase
i think you need to be willing to
break some rules
and as long as breaking those rules
doesn't hurt anyone
then that's fine because like after you
demonstrate that you can develop quality
content you know then people are like oh
we'll give you money it's like but you
need to deliver
you need the content no one's going to
take your word for it that you can do
something so something's got to give
either you blow a whole bunch of money
to demonstrate that you can do things
above the board or
you bend the rules a little bit to
demonstrate that you can do stuff while
bending the rules and say like hey i did
this while playing outside of the out
outside of the fence imagine which
project didn't get any permits oh yeah
imagine what i could do
if blair witch project had the producers
of blair witch project had to pay fines
later
but they had made a quarter of a billion
dollars so they're like here's your
couple of brands
by the time these things are large
enough to get on the radar of you have
the money to pay the fines yeah yeah um
and so like so i've been kind of really
focused on you know will we get big
enough and everything will the niche
work and you know to close out the
podcast i just had this thought before
we started recording and i think it's a
good way to end the podcast because we
are at just about over an hour now
goodness um
is that we are niche
and i am enthusiastic about the fact
that we are a niche and that people
some people will look and say like oh
that's that tiny thing for weird people
because 30 years ago
nobody knew who iron man was yeah and
that's what i was iron man was very nice
and that's what i said like when we got
like the avengers one i'm like i can't
wait for them to start breaking into
things like moon night and you're like
they'll never do that and i'm like why
not it's like because people don't know
who united is like people didn't know
who captain america was people knew who
captain america was but they didn't
they've seen captain america but they
didn't know who steve rogers is they
didn't know who bucky barnes was because
i had that same theory about idea about
captain america before them like oh my
god he's just like a root rah-rah
american exceptionalism and i read the
comics i'm like no he's one of my
favorite characters you know what else
was super
niche to the point of being ridiculously
niche
space operas
until george lucas made them not niche
so
not saying that we're gonna you know be
lucasfilm um
like
creators and because we have tapped into
this niche and it's being successful it
means that this niche is hungry and yeah
this poisonous seed plant needs to
propagate and we are the little
chipmunks sucking up all that nut and
the world
[Laughter]
christ you went there
okay everybody
um
i hope you enjoy
i hope you enjoyed the podcast um these
maybe we'll do another one who knows
yes we will do more we will we will
continue to do podcasts we're not taking
a break nick is taking some time off um
but we're going to pre-record some
podcasts so that there is uh coverage so
that you never missed a podcast that is
horrendously off color given some
certain crisis over the next three weeks
then i'm very very sorry i mean i won't
release that
[Laughter]
like oh we made fun of you know tokyo
and now tokyo has been flooded it's like
yeah we're not gonna yeah
yeah i'm not gonna do that i wouldn't
make phonetics i wanna go to tokyo mount
fuji erupted and wiped out the city oh
no oh [ __ ]
all those shots and kill bill were there
for a reason
all right uh thank you guys for
listening tell us
um the q answers to the questions not
just that but tell us what it was that
first attracted you to james's channel
and why what what what it was that made
you invest so strongly
literally invest yeah literally like
what made you
you know be so confident in the stuff
that we make that you're literally
willing to pay for it
um cause like that's still flabbergasted
that like you're you you're paying for
something that you're getting for free
and i'm like you're doing that that's
fantastic like yeah it's
like i would love to meet that said we
want to we're going to work on making a
bunch more like exclusive content so
yeah there's going to be actually a
video coming with the camp videos
um a little bit after because i don't
know if we're gonna have the time to
record it but well no the um
the uh
the the making of process right right
we're gonna do that but uh anyway yeah
every time we end these podcasts i say
that's the end every time it's like for
five minutes straight you should start
saying this is the first end we are
beginning the wrap-up sequence yeah the
rapture has begun uh the fifth act has
begun um so
the beloved shakespeare character has
died the fifth act is beginning seven
days
um all right so thank you guys for
listening love you all you're amazing my
name is james
and we will um
speak at you again next week
[Music]
you